As directed by Christopher Nolan, he of the pretentious, derivative, mind-bending crap-fest that was Inception and the vastly over-rated Dark Knight trilogy, I fully expected Interstellar to have plot holes you could pilot a space station through—and, with a whopping running time of 169 minutes, I figured staying awake would be a task almost as gargantuan as the film's black hole (which is actually called Gargantua—that's just how gargantuan it is!!!).

Sure enough, the preposterous pseudo-scientific plot can be picked apart with ease, but the film itself is something of an anomaly: although it is a grossly indulgent pile of pretentious hooey that stretches plausibility to breaking point, I found myself entertained throughout. Interstellar is so far up itself that it actually transcends all the laws of cinema and proves to be a rather enjoyable piece of big-budget baloney as a result.

For starters, we get Matthew McConaughey's farmer Cooper, who is chosen to pilot NASA's only spacecraft, despite having spent the last decade or so growing corn. Then we get two of science-fiction's most aesthetically awkward robots in the form of A.I. units TARS and CASE. After flying through a worm-hole, Cooper lands his spacecraft in several inches of water and then surfs a massive tidal wave. We see a planet so cold that its clouds are solid ice. We have a mad scientist who rants about the human instinct for survival while head butting Cooper with his space helmet. Although Michael Caine's character spans 23 years, he doesn't look a day older than when we first see him (his voice just gets a bit hoarse, but not Batman hoarse). And Cooper enters a black hole where he ends up behind a 5-dimensional bookcase that allows him to manipulate gravity to send a message to his daughter via wristwatch!!!

And that's just the stuff I can recall right now (it's waaay past my bed-time and I'm very tired).

If only there had been a few ninjas, some gratuitous female nudity (perhaps a race of insatiable, sexy alien maidens with over-sized breasts), a planet of space zombies, and a laser battle, this would have been the perfect so-bad-it's-good movie.

7/10: it's too wonderfully silly for me too hate on it as much as I really should.