

There are those who will applaud what Haynes and his actors have accomplished, and I can understand its appeal on an intellectual level. But I am not a supporter of film without form or art without structure.
Only devout Dylan fans will be able to derive much sense out of it. Dylan novices can only sit back and surrender to the ride Haynes offers: It's a strange, surreal trip.
How does it feeeel? Like a rolling shambles, much of it, and even a second viewing doesn't erase the sensation.
To enjoy I'm Not There you should be just a little bit Dylan-crazy, fascinated by his talent, ornery personality and enduring cultural influence.
I think it's really interesting stuff and I enjoyed every aspect of it.
It doesn't all work and it runs too long. But every fragment of Dylan's life, every version of him, from the funny to the tippy, rings true.
It willfully denies one of the sacred tenets of cinematic storytelling, that every movie -- comedy, romance or biography -- is actually a mystery, one the audience expects to see solved.
A kaleidoscopic masterpiece...The genius of "I'm Not There" is that the Dylan who could answer our questions is left blowin' in the wind.
I'm Not There feels like the most alive work to hit the screen in ages.
Despite its inventive setup, it lacks a coherent narrative.
Anyone can make a bad movie, but it takes a good filmmaker to make one as bad as I'm Not There.
The missteps don't detract from the thrilling brilliance of the filmmaking (aided by the remarkable cinematographer Ed Lachman), or dim the sense that Haynes was right in deciding that the fractions of the man would add up to more than the man himself.
I'm Not There offers up a daring conceit and then falls apart trying to fulfill it.
What emerges is a speculative, critical essay about the 60s, weighted down in spots by political correctness and a conflicted desire to mock Dylan's denseness while catering to his hardcore fans, but otherwise lively, fluid, and watchable.
The singular haunting beauty of I'm Not There, Todd Haynes' thrilling deep-vision meditation on the music and many lives of Bob Dylan, is that obsession isn't just its fuel -- it's the movie's spirit and subject, its driving force.
The film is bracingly original; it's also mystifying, overlong and at times nearly incoherent. Floating at a distance from its audience, it creates its own smoky logic.
...there's one great movie in here.
A vividly imagined homage to the evolving music and enigmatic figure we know as Bob Dylan.
