When teenaged Andy plops down on the grass to share his old toys with a shy little girl, the film spikes with sadness and layered pleasure -- a concise, deeply wise expression of the ephemeral that feels real and yet utterly transporting.
There are many sweet laughs and joking allusions to horror and prison-break movies, but the Pixar gang gets at the most primary fear -- being cast off and no longer of use.
I seriously doubt there will be a more hilarious and heartfelt blockbuster all summer.
It's still more inventive, clever and laugh-out-loud funny than any other movie out there now.
The 'Toy Story' films are deservedly seen as the gold standard for computer-generated animation...
It's sadder and scarier than its predecessors, but it also may be the most important chapter in the tale.
The best movie of the year so far.
The gags are all of a piece, right up to the forlorn yet enchanting finale.
At its best, most moving moments, Toy Story 3 is a story about the pang of a young adult moving away from home and leaving child-like things behind.
It hits every button from laughter to tears and lifts you up on waves of visual dazzlement. And you don't need to take a kid along to appreciate it... Tag it as one of the year's best.
Toy Story 3 succeeds not because of its glossy and gleaming high-tech pixels, but rather because it is so well-written that you could tell it with low-tech hand puppets and still thrill and reach an audience of children and adults both.
Consider the oft-amusing, terribly clever G-rated sequel Toy Story 3 as the brightest student in the class delivering a very fine B paper.
As Lotso, Ned Beatty offers the most compelling portrait of avuncular villainy since, well, Ned Beatty in Network, and Michael Keaton's Ken is the quintessence of himbo-ism.
Toy Story 3 may not be a masterpiece, but it still had me in tears at the end.
A bona fide summer delight loaded with action, humor, nostalgia, a veritable blizzard of pop-culture references and general good vibes.
It's a sequel. It's in 3-D. It has no kiddie-flick competition. Really, how good does it have to be? Apparently, as good as Pixar can make it.
A worthy finale to a fantastic franchise.
The story mixes comedy, drama and action with impressive skill, except this is beyond skill -- this is inspired.
I won't tell you what that ending is, but it took my breath away, and I'll bet it takes yours. Do see this lovely film sooner than later.
Toy Story 3 pays attention to the reasons we return again and again to the motion picture experience.
