"Interstellar" is a grand undertaking, but in shooting for the stars, it loses its footing. It goes to infinity and beyond, when infinity would have been plenty.
Jessica Chastain deserves Best Supporting Actress consideration for her work. One of the most beautiful films I have ever seen.
After the first hour, with its poignant depiction of humanity's decline, Interstellar always seems to be rebuilding its momentum, offering plenty to think about but little to hold on to.
It's a film I didn't exactly enjoy and can't say I would recommend. And yet as an event, as a singular movie-watching opportunity, it's undoubtedly worthwhile.
Interstellar may be a preposterous epic, but it is an epic nonetheless.
The Nolans plant some actual characters onto that landscape, but it's too arid for anything interesting to grow.
Interstellar is thrilling to watch across its moments but ultimately unmemorable; I feel it slipping away from me even now.
Interstellar is as cinematically epic as it is dramatically intimate.
Nolan, a director often accused of coldness, finally got all mushy when he went to outer space. I can't solve that equation, but I've enjoyed trying to scratch it out.
Christopher Nolan's 168-minute odyssey through the space-time continuum is stuffed with stuff of bewildering wrongness.
What the neg-heads are missing about Interstellar is how enthralling it is, how gracefully it blends the cosmic and the intimate, how deftly Nolan explores the infinite in the smallest human details.
Interstellar is an entertainment disaster for reasons that have dogged our films since they began: ridiculous story; implausible segues; laughable dialogue; the absence of character, drama, and command.
By the closing credits, it seems possible that Nolan himself hails from another planet, and while he has tried diligently to show humanity in a flattering light, he lacks enough inside information to get it right.
This isn't Nolan's best movie, but his ambitions and trust in the audience keep getting bigger. He's one of Hollywood's few true remaining visionaries, and he's only getting warmed up.
Comes closer to mimicking the feel and structure of 20th-century hard sci-fi in the Arthur C. Clarke mode that just about any other movie.
For a movie about transcending all manner of dimensions, "Interstellar" ultimately falls surprisingly flat.
It's a mass audience picture that's intelligent as well as epic, with a sophisticated script that's as interested in emotional moments as immersive visuals. Which is saying a lot.
Even a cool cat like Christopher Nolan can cough up a furball - and with his sci-fi adventure Interstellar, it's blockbuster-sized.
The parts of Interstellar that don't work -- a third act (out of four) that descends into suspense-movie silliness, an increasing reliance on mystical mumbo-jumbo -- struggle against the many parts that do.
The climax contains some tangled magic. If you're not exhausted by almost three hours of intergalactic lecturing, you may even be able to feel it.
